[theme music]
[dramatic music]
[knocking on door]
Who is it?
Why did you leave without seeing me?
Where are you? Let me buy you dinner.
Swear. I won't talk about the priesthood.
Just have dinner with me.
[Rosa] I didn't come here to see you.
I'm leaving so go back to work.
Hey, Mom!
I'm going to have dinner
with Jong-su tonight.
I have to go.
-He is on a business trip. What--
-[cell phone beeps]
[car door closes]
[car engine ignites]
Hey. Mom. Hey, Mom!
[tires screech]
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[footsteps approaching]
[Ik-jun] What are you doing here?
If you're free now,
you should be hiding in the on-call room.
[Gyeo-ul] It's all right. I'll be okay.
Shouldn't you be off the clock now?
You're kind of a workaholic.
I'm not working. I'm waiting for Song-hwa
so we can get some dinner.
She's just talking to someone,
so it could be a while.
You're worried about something.
Talk to me. I'll help you out.
Come on, tell me.
Professor…
-It's nothing.
-What is it?
Nothing.
[groans]
Oh, I wanna know!
I bet it has to do with Jeong-won.
If it's about him,
should I bring him here alive?
No, come on. Don't hurt him.
[clicks tongue]
Gyeo-ul, I just really wanna know, okay?
How long…
have you had these feelings for Jeong-won?
Come on, I'm curious.
Wasn't it always obvious?
I heard you're transferring
to the Sokcho branch.
[snickers]
I just asked for it this morning.
Word gets around fast here, huh?
I'm transferring there too.
No, you're not.
Come on, be reasonable.
Why would you work there?
Because you are going to be there.
[snickers]
Get a grip, Chi-hong.
There are no residents there.
If you transfer,
then you're going to be all alone there.
It's not worth losing your position here.
And if you transfer
before you become chief,
that isn't going to reflect
very well on you.
That move would be career suicide.
Chi-hong.
What kind of resident transfers
in their fourth year?
Just stay here and help out with surgeries
and get more patients.
That is what you need
for your career right now.
The last year of residency
is the most important.
Stick with it for another year
and then take the board.
Understand?
I'm sorry but…
my mind is made up.
Kim Sang-man is in the operating room.
I should get going.
[door opens]
[theme music]
[dial tone trilling]
[Ik-sun] Hey,
I was just about to call you.
[chuckles]
-What's up?
-[Ik-sun] I just got home.
-And you?
-Finishing up with work.
Wow. You're off pretty early today.
What are you doing after?
I'll be coming over.
Don't go to sleep yet.
-Right now?
-Um-hm. See you soon.
[dramatic music]
Do you want to eat or will we starve?
Did something happen to you?
Really?
[chuckles]
Gosh, life really is…
so full of shit.
I can't believe your dad.
Now you can't even talk shit about him.
[sighs deeply]
I LEAVE ALL OF MY ASSETS
TO MY SON, YANG SEOK-HYEONG
[scoffs]
[Pyeon] And when exactly
was this will written?
It was around this spring.
It was when Ms. Kim Tae-yeon
told him that she was pregnant.
He drafted it that very night.
That son of a bitch.
And in this will,
did he leave anything at all to Ms. Kim?
[clicks tongue]
No, not to my knowledge.
[scoffs]
The chairman considered Ms. Kim
to be nothing more
than a caregiver and his employee
who will look after him until he dies.
That's what I could gather
based on my knowledge.
That sick bastard.
He even got her pregnant.
This is a load of crap.
That selfish jerk.
He only cared about himself.
What a leech.
[sighs deeply]
Was there anything else in the will?
Like his last words to you and your mom?
There was.
He wants me to run the company.
He wants me to quit my job
and run the company in his place.
He certainly knows
what I'm passionate about.
[sighs deeply]
So then…
are you quitting?
[exhales deeply]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Oh, hi, professor! Good to see you.
-Good morning.
-What's the line for?
-Oh, we're here to consult.
I just need to talk to Professor Chae
about something.
I'm gonna ask for career advice.
[sighs]
She's really busy and she's sick.
Oh, nice to see you, professor.
Dr. Yong, what were you in there for?
Advice on my love life.
-She gives that out too?
-Yeah.
She can do it all.
-She's way better than any professional.
-Yeah.
[sighs deeply]
-I miss those days…
-[knocking on door]
Let's go eat.
-Hey, professor!
-No, professor!
-Shut up, you guys.
-I have a lecture in 20 minutes
so get lost.
Dr. Do, are you ready?
♪ The beautiful Chae Song-hwa! ♪
♪ I only have eyes for you! ♪
-Good to see you, professor.
-[laughs]
PROFESSOR KIM JUN-WAN,
PROFESSOR AHN JEONG-WON
[quirky music]
[rattles]
[cathedral music]
MEN'S CHANGING ROOM
[cell phone ringing]
Ahn Jeong-won speaking.
[Jun-hui] Professor, Dr. Bae
from the Emergency Room.
Ah, yes.
There's a seven-year-old girl here
with blunt trauma to the abdomen.
She is mentally alert
and her blood pressure looks fine.
But her heart rate is pretty high.
I did an echocardiogram,
and she has a grade-four liver laceration.
Looks like hemoperitoneum,
so I took an abdomen CT
and there's active bleeding.
Okay. I'm on my way there.
Hello, Dr. Jang.
Yes? Yes, Dr. Ahn?
There's a seven-year-old girl
with blunt trauma in the ER.
Her vitals aren't good,
so we need to operate now.
Call Anesthesiology
and get me an OR as soon as possible.
And order transfusion for the patent.
Okay. I'll do that.
[line ringing]
Hello, this is Dr. Jang from GS.
I need an operating room.
[Song-hwa] Mm.
You're helping Seok-hyeong out
with his paper? Why?
Why do you think? He's the one
who asked me for help.
-Seok-hyeong asked you?
-Mm-hm
Oh, what's Ik-jun doing here?
Oh, hi, Professor Yang.
Have a seat right here.
Hey, seriously man,
do you have friends in every department?
Yeah, I get around.
-By the way, Mr. Teddy Bear.
-What?
Did you ask Dr. Chu here
to help you out with your paper?
Residents are busy enough!
Don't bother them.
I did?
We don't have soup.
Who wants some cup noodles?
[Min-ha chuckles]
You should finish this.
I have some patients.
Mmm.
-Eat up.
-Okay.
[breathes deeply]
[machine beeping]
Let's talk over here.
So I ran some tests.
Her liver is severely lacerated,
and she has a blood vessel
that's still bleeding in her abdomen.
We're gonna have to give her
a laparotomy now.
We will try to find
the damaged blood vessel
and stop the bleeding
by performing hemostasis.
But we may have to cut out
all of the parts
that are too damaged
in order for us to stop all the bleeding.
How long it will take?
It should take at least two hours.
But if there are any complications.
it could take us as long as four.
I'll have more information
once we begin surgery.
I assure you, I'll do my best.
[Ju-a] What?
But how could that be?
We're married, doctor.
Well, that's, uh…
We really did have a wedding.
We can show you the photos.
We invited all our friends and family.
My husband, doctor,
he's been suffering from ascites.
And recently, he coughed up blood,
so we had an endoscopy done.
Doctor, he needs to be treated
as soon as possible.
I understand, but even if you're a couple,
your marriage has to be…
It has to be registered under--
We'll do whatever it takes, doctor.
We'll get it registered today.
Even if you do get it registered,
the regulations that are set
by KONOS state,
you should be married a year
for the transplant to be approved.
In order to prevent any organ trade,
getting approved as a donor
can be quite complicated.
[gasps]
[sighs deeply]
It going to be okay.
I'm not going to die soon. Hm?
You're not going to die at all.
Don't say stuff like that.
And your mother is here.
I would recommend
applying for a transplant now,
but if you have to wait long
to find a donor
then we should undergo treatment first.
So why don't we proceed
with the living-donor
liver transplant after a year?
We'll keep you on observation first.
If I may, when exactly
were the two of you married?
It was four months ago.
[sighs]
If only we'd gotten it registered then,
we'd only have to wait eight months
instead of an entire year.
If you don't mind me asking,
why didn't you choose
to register your marriage?
It was me, I was the one
who told them not to.
Back when they were dating,
my son was diagnosed with cirrhosis.
Both families were against their marriage,
but they went ahead and did it anyway.
It's my fault.
I stopped the two of them
from registering their marriage.
She's a precious daughter to her parents.
If anything happens to my son…
[sniffles]
who will take care of her?
[sobbing]
Please, doctor.
What do I need to do
while we wait for a year?
[exhales]
I will exercise regularly
and I'll eat healthy.
If, if I need to take any medicine,
I'll make sure to be as diligent
as I can about it.
So I will be back in a year.
I'll see you here again,
right here in this very office,
and get the approval for the surgery.
[Ju-a sniffles]
Doctor, please. I'm begging you.
Do everything you can to save my husband.
Please?
[door closes]
Time for a pop quiz.
Uh, I think they…
They first met while they were traveling.
Or was it…
a blind date?
[scoffs]
I want the husband to receive a liver
from a brain-dead patient.
What are the criteria he needs to meet
for that to happen?
Uh…
You don't know?
I'm really sorry.
Come on, man. That was an easy one.
-Study up on that tomorrow.
-Okay.
Call in the next one.
[anesthetist] Doctor,
how exactly did this happen?
[Jeong-won] She was on a scooter
and she fell over a speed bump.
And the handle hit her stomach.
Doesn't look good.
[anesthetist] Oh, gosh.
Her mother and father must be so worried.
[Jeong-won] How are they doing?
[stomach grumbles]
[Gyeo-ul] Sorry about that.
-[stomach grumbles]
-[Jeong-won sighs]
[anesthetist] Dr. Jang, I bet your parents
would be really worried about you too
if they knew you didn't
have time to eat at work.
Dr. Jang, let me get you a nice dinner.
On second thought,
Professor Ahn, maybe you should treat her
to a nice dinner.
Seriously, this one practically lives
in the operating room.
[Gyeo-ul] Really, that is not necessary.
[Jeong-won] Mixter, please.
Suture, please.
If everything goes well here
and the patient recovers,
I'll take you out for a nice meal.
[Gyeo-ul] Thank you, professor.
[Jeong-won] Keep your shoulder loose
when you tie.
Don't pull too hard.
The blood vessel here is weak.
[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
[Jeong-won] Metzenbaum scissors, please.
Professor Min is a little sensitive
when he's doing his rounds,
so be thorough with the lab results
and always make sure
the first-year residents check them too.
When preparing for conferences,
it's best to over-prepare
so you don't miss anything.
Make sure to review the presentation
to lead the conference better.
By the way, Chi-hong, find a place yet?
[sighs]
Not yet.
You should find one really soon.
You'll be busier once you're a chief.
You should at least
have your own place to sleep.
I kinda like the on-call room.
Moving is a bigger hassle.
Hey, Seok-min, aren't you supposed
to be studying for the board?
-Hello.
Hello.
I'm just endorsing my tasks to Chi-hong.
And besides, Dr. Do hasn't even started
studying for the board either.
Wait.
What is it, professor?
Do you not want me to be here?
Should I never come back?
I doubt you'd stop coming even if I asked.
-Chi-hong, Yun-bok.
-Yes?
[Song-hwa] I'm taking you
to dinner. Let's go.
-What about me?
-And me?
You two should eat together.
[whispers]
Please, no.
The faculty cafeteria is serving galbitang
for the first time.
And it's packed nicely
and there's only one table left.
So, who am I supposed to leave behind?
Will it be the future chief
or the future NS resident?
All right, Seon-bin and I will go.
That's right. We'll be going then.
-Let's go.
-Okay.
Bye. Take care.
-[Seon-bin] Bye.
-[Yun-bok] Bye.
[Chi-hong] I'm sorry, guys.
[door opens]
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
That woman always seems to be thinking
five steps ahead of us.
How does she have the time
to come up with this stuff?
[sighs deeply]
She did it because I told her.
Told her what?
I told her that I like you.
I've been wanting to tell you
for the longest time…
but I didn't have the guts to do it.
["Introduce Me A Good Person"
by Joy playing]
So she took them to dinner for me.
Hmm…
Well…
this is very awkward,
I'll go and have dinner alone now.
[grunts]
[Jeong-won sighs]
As we expected, one of the blood vessels
in her liver was torn,
that was what caused the bleeding.
The surrounding tissue
was severely damaged,
so it was hard to stop it.
And I needed to then cut out
a part of the liver.
I conducted some tests after the surgery,
and there weren't any more sources
of bleeding in her stomach
but there may be bleeding
coming from another organ.
So we'll be observing her
for another day or two in the ICU.
You said that you cut out
a piece of her liver.
Is that all right?
She's going to be fine, isn't she?
She's out of the woods for now.
The part of the liver that I had
to cut out
will grow back over a few months.
[sighs deeply]
I assure you, I did everything I could.
But for now, all that we can really do
is wait for her recovery.
[breathes deeply]
You'll get to see her again
once we bring her to the ICU.
Thank you so much, doctor.
Thank you.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won] We're not going to
wake her up just yet.
We'll induce sleep for a day or two,
and then she'll have the ventilator
to help her breathe.
We could wake her up right now
but if we do,
it might cause her more pain.
Especially if she moves around,
that wouldn't be very good for her.
[Ji-hyeon's grandma] I understand.
Uh, so it's not that she didn't wake up
from the surgery,
-but you induced sleep on purpose, right?
-That's right, Mom.
The doctor just explained that
to us just now.
[Jeong-won] Right.
If we wake her, she might move around
which would cause her pain,
so in order to avoid that
will let her sleep for another day or so
to help stabilize her condition.
[Ji-hyeon's aunt] Mom!
Oh, finally. Goodness,
what took you so long?
Oh, doctor, this is Ji-hyeon's aunt.
[chuckles]
Hi.
And this is her uncle.
Nice to meet you.
Doctor, I was told
that Ji-hyeon is still unconscious.
If she hasn't woken up yet,
could that be a serious problem?
Well, you see, uh,
we could wake up her up right now.
But if we do that,
she'll be in a lot more pain--
Don't worry, doctor,
I'll explain it to her.
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won] All right. Goodbye.
Oh, thank you.
Doctor.
Ji-hyeon is going to be
okay tonight, right?
Please take good care of her.
I will. All the nurses will be here.
And I'll be at the hospital
all night tonight.
So you don't need to worry.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, doctor.
NOVEMBER 30, 2019
["While Living Life" by Oohyo playing]
ELAPSED TIME
[keyboard clacking]
Oh, you're still here?
Just about to head home.
-Are you staying here all night?
-Mm-hm.
I did an operation
for a liver laceration today.
Sedation doesn't seem to be cutting it,
so I might have to adjust
her ventilator tonight.
Jeong-won, I'm sure
she's going to be fine.
She'd better.
[soft chuckle]
-Hey, Song-hwa.
-Hm?
I'm sorry for bothering you
even though you're sick.
It's pretty selfish of me.
I mean, the Daddy-Long-Legs Program.
Don't you worry about me.
You just focus on getting better
in Sokcho,
and I'll take care of it.
Hey! No way!
Don't do that. I want to run it.
[snickers]
I can run it from Sokcho.
The thought of being on that project
got me all excited.
I'm doing it. You got that?
Don't take it away from me.
[chuckles]
All right. Fine.
You drive safely tonight.
Take a cab if you're tired.
Goodnight.
[keyboard clacking]
[sighs deeply]
Aren't you going home?
No. U-ju is in Changwon so I'm on a break.
I'm gonna enjoy myself.
Do we have band practice this week?
No. I think Jeong-won has to be
at the hospital all weekend.
[sighs]
You have a conference next week?
Yeah.
Looks like we're taking a break then.
All right then. Goodnight.
[chair rattles]
I think Dr. Chu…
I think she likes you.
You really couldn't tell?
You're dense.
Dr. Chu already told me she likes you
Good for you!
I told her very respectfully
that I'm not interested.
Hmm, it's been a while since she told me.
Min-ha told me that she was okay
and she just wanted me to know
how she felt.
But how do I ignore that?
We're always working together,
and I hate feeling awkward
while I'm at work.
So we met outside the hospital
and we talked.
I told her that she could do
much better than me.
I said that I didn't have time or energy
to date anyone right now.
[clears throat]
I'm a divorced man,
and life is complicated right now.
So if she dated me, I feel like
she'll just be wasting her time.
So things have been professional
just like before.
Hey. It's true.
We're…
pretty chill, you know. Uh…
-We're cool.
-Here's another way of looking at it.
If you never got married
and life wasn't complicated for you,
I think you two would have dated.
[slurps]
[scoffs]
No, really.
I swear, I'm not looking to date
anytime soon.
And maybe not for a while.
And obviously,
I'm not interested in Dr. Chu.
I like being alone. Right now…
life is good.
I have U-ju, you know.
Hm? Jeong-won has his brothers
and sisters and he has God too.
Jun-wan has a girlfriend,
and Song-hwa, she has her brothers
even if they fight a lot.
Who do you have?
I know that you have us.
But if you have your family
or loved ones with you,
them just being around is such a comfort.
And I really don't want you to…
To deny yourself that feeling.
I don't want her to get hurt.
She might get hurt
because of me
and the situation that I'm in.
After seeing Sin-hye
go through everything,
I promised myself I wouldn't love again.
Come on. What?
Is that pathetic?
Not really, I just wanna drink.
[sniffs]
Oh, damn it.
You wanna get drinks with me?
It's the weekend, you should be fine.
Hm. What? Oh.
No one will call me in, right?
No one will, no one is going to call you.
Okay? It's two in the morning.
-It's two in the morning!
-[grunting]
Someone else can do it for you,
all right? Come on, let's go.
All right, let's get some drinks!
What are you doing? You're still up?
[yawns]
It's already two in the morning.
Get some sleep.
[Ik-sun] I didn't go to work today.
I slept through in the afternoon.
Did you just finish your surgery?
Hm. I'm just about to leave the hospital.
I'm really, really hungry and I'm sleepy.
And I miss you a lot.
[Ik-sun] You shouldn't drive tonight.
You're so tired,
you can't even open your eyes.
I was actually going to take a cab.
I was just about to call one.
Hey, Ik-sun.
I think I'm seeing things.
[Ik-sun] What are you talking about?
I see you.
[Ik-sun chuckles]
What? You're kidding, right?
I'm serious.
There's a woman in front of me
and she's talking on her phone.
I swear, she looks just like you.
[Ik-sun] That woman is on her phone too?
Yeah. And she's crossing that street.
Huh?
She's coming this way.
[line ends]
Hello. I'm your hallucination.
[Ik-sun chuckles]
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Are you okay? Are you feeling better?
Ji-hyeon, just hang in there, okay?
Once you get better,
why don't we take a trip…
to an amusement park? Hm?
[Jeong-won] We took her off the ventilator
and luckily, there were no complications.
We can keep an eye on her
without having to resort
to getting her intubated.
And the results of her blood test
were really good.
All we have to do now
is wait for her to get better.
Ji-hyeon, let's try to start
drinking some water today.
How does that sound?
-Good.
-Okay.
The nurse is going to help her drink water
but we're going to do it little by little.
So you don't need to worry too much.
Then, we'll keep her in the ICU
for one more night
-and check how she's doing tomorrow.
-Thank you so much, doctor.
Thank you very much.
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won] Ji-hyeon,
are you feeling any pain, right now?
[Ji-hyeon] No. I'm not.
[Jeong-won] That's a good girl.
[chuckles]
So, Ji-hyeon, when you get out of here,
what do you want to eat first?
-Um, chocolate.
-Oh, you want to eat chocolate?
When this is over, I'll buy you
a whole store's worth of chocolate.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
Promise.
Three years ago, I was able to remove
the tumor completely during surgery.
But unfortunately, the tumor has relapsed.
But he's not in any pain
like before, doctor.
And all his follow-up checkups said
he was fine.
Astrocytomas are a type of tumor
that are likely to return after surgery.
It really is unfortunate.
Well, you'll be needing
additional surgery, radiation therapy,
and chemotherapy.
If you opt for this surgery,
I can find out
when we can get you admitted.
Or you can take some time for yourself
before making a decision.
Ah…
I would like to think about it.
What's there to think about?
Doctor, when is the soonest
that he get the surgery done?
Please, I would like to think about it.
[chuckles]
Doctor, can I get back to you about this?
Sure.
Ah, okay.
-Thank you, doctor.
-Thank you.
He was pretty uncomfortable
in radiation therapy.
He always came in with his two kids
and they stayed by his side
and would hold his hand.
[Chi-hong] At his last appointment,
he was happy to hear
it would be an annual thing.
He knows how difficult it could be
because he's been through it before.
And now he has to do it again.
I can understand
how devastating that can be.
But I think he has the strength
to overcome this.
Um…
Just based on what I've heard before
the patient was diagnosed
with an astrocytoma.
Then, three years ago
when he got the surgery,
what exactly was his pathology then?
Well, it was WHO grade-two
diffuse astrocytoma, I believe.
This tumor has been known to relapse
and develop into a higher grade.
I see. Thank you.
"Estoy loco por el."
SPANISH BASICS, EASY SIGN LANGUAGE
"Estoy loco por el. Estoy loco por el!"
So when are you leaving?
Me? Three days from today.
[Jun-wan] What are those books for?
[Ik-jun] I'm gonna read them on the plane.
It's a 14-hour flight.
[sighs]
Are you going to the airport tomorrow?
Ik-sun should be leaving then.
Did I tell you that she was leaving?
She's leaving in the afternoon,
but I have an operation
so I'll go if I have the time.
My parents are gonna see her off.
She doesn't need me to be there.
-Hey.
-What?
Wanna get a drink with me tonight?
I have to talk to you about something.
[sighs]
I'm pretty busy today.
I have surgery later.
I'll be here all night.
Then get drinks with me
after your surgery, okay?
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah. What is it?
[Jae-hak] We have a 35-year-old male here.
He underwent surgery twice
to put a stent in due to CoA.
The last one was three months ago.
Then he went to another hospital
due to a high fever.
Based on their test,
his stent is infected.
They're asking if they could
send him here for the surgery.
[Jun-wan] And how's his vitals?
[Jae-hak] His BP is 90 over 60.
His heart rate is 120.
And he's already been intubated.
Tell them to send him over.
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] He has a hemothorax.
I think his aorta is ruptured too.
This is bad. We have to operate now.
Get a circulation chamber
and an operating room.
-Okay.
-And his family?
They're on their way.
[thuds]
[Ik-jun] Who's your patient?
[Jun-wan] Oh, he had a stent put in
and it got infected.
I'll remove the infected stent
and I'm going to replace it with another.
I'm not sure if it will work.
-Good luck to you.
-[Ik-jun] Yeah, you too.
Does it feel like something
is coming out of your nose?
-No.
-That's good to hear.
Is his blood pressure, okay?
[Chi-hong] Yes. And his urine level
is back to normal.
So it looks like we can discharge you
either tomorrow or the day after.
Oh. Thank you, doctor.
I guess I'll be seeing you in Sokcho then.
I heard that you'll be transferring there.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry, but how did you know?
-That's top-secret stuff.
-[chuckles]
All the patients here know.
Everyone's heard about it.
-[laughs]
-[man 1] Uh, excuse me, doctor.
I'm supposed to have a surgery tomorrow.
I heard I'm supposed
to have a test this afternoon,
but no one's explained anything to me.
Ah. Who is this patient's doctor?
He's Professor Min's patient,
and Dr. Heo is the attending physician.
I'll be sure
to l relay this to your doctor.
I heard that you had a tough morning
because of the cerebral angiography.
Later, the test we'll be doing
is a navigation MRI.
Through this test, we'll be able
to map out the location of the tumor
and determine its size
before we go into surgery.
The resident in charge of your case
will be here
to explain everything further
and get your consent for it.
[man 1] I see. Thank you, doctor.
I think Dr. Heo is assisting
Professor Min in surgery.
She was probably
going to explain to him much later.
That's fine, she's not lazy.
-Goodbye.
-[patient] Bye.
[suspenseful music]
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] Suction. I can't see anything.
[anesthetist] BP is at 50.
[Jun-wan] He's bleeding a lot.
More blood in the drip, please.
ELAPSED TIME
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
FASTING
-Good evening.
-Oh, good evening, Dr. Lee.
What brings you here?
You must be very busy.
-Oh, good evening.
-Oh, no. Don't get up.
You have an embolization tomorrow, right?
Hi, there. What time is the procedure?
-2:00 p.m.
-Oh, then, you have fast for a while.
Just let me know if it's too hard on you.
I'll see if we can move it up.
No, that's okay, doctor.
I really don't have much
of an appetite these days.
I have surgery tomorrow morning,
but I don't think it'll take too long.
If I have time after it, I'll drop by.
Now, let me explain the procedure.
When you can't get surgery
due to liver failure,
you get this procedure in lieu of surgery.
We cannot expect your condition
to be cured with this,
but until you get a donor,
let's get you the procedure
and be patient.
Don't you worry
and get a good night's sleep.
Thank you, doctor.
Here.
I bet we are going to drink up
all the cole in Korea, seriously.
Gosh.
Leave them. I'll sort it out for you.
You have a bad neck.
It's not much to sort out.
I'll just take a few books I need.
Let's eat.
Wow, I can't believe
we're eating dinner this late.
Seriously.
Is Jun-wan working all night?
Probably. He'll finish
pretty late tonight.
[machine beeping]
ELAPSED TIME
[groans]
[Jun-wan] I'm not sure if this will work.
The infection is really bad.
Forceps.
[Seok-hyeong] What about Jeong-won?
PICU. He pretty much lives there now.
Did you remember
to set aside a risotto for him?
-[Seok-hyeong] Yes.
-[Song-hwa] Hm.
[Ik-jun] I did.
[grunts]
[sighs deeply]
[machine beeping]
[Jeong-won] Uh,
her hemoglobin isn't going down.
And it seems we've stopped
all the bleeding, so she's fine.
We can move her
into the general ward tomorrow.
-[all groan]
-Oh, thank goodness.
That's great news.
Once we move her down,
we'll have her take a CT scan
seven days after the surgery
and we'll observe
for around two days after that.
And if everything looks good,
Ji-hyeon is clear to go home.
-Oh, thank you. Thank you, doctor.
-[all] Thank you.
-Thank you.
-That's great.
Well, good night then.
Oh, doctor.
Doctor, do you ever get any sleep?
[chuckles]
I've been here for four whole days
and I only see you.
You're here every morning
and every night too.
Thank you, doctor. It's all thanks to you…
that our little girl lived.
[chuckles]
Listen, I'm just grateful
that she recovered really well.
Goodbye.
Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
[Ji-hyeon's grandma]
And a good doctor too.
[Jeong-won munching]
Your patient got better, huh?
Yeah.
How can you…
How can you guys tell so easily?
What?
How do you guys always seem to know
when my patient is doing well or not?
You make it pretty obvious.
[laughs]
What do you mean by that?
[chuckles]
I just guess. We all just take guesses.
Wow, really? You guys are amazing.
When did you guys order this risotto?
Was it just now? At this hour?
It's nice and warm.
I thought you must've skipped dinner.
So I set it aside for you.
I microwaved it at the store.
When are you going to move to Sokcho?
Are you taking everything?
On Thursday.
And no, I'm not taking everything.
Just a few books
and some other things I might need.
Does the apartment have an ocean view?
Can I please visit you?
Oh, that's my dream place.
Sure. You'll probably like it.
Oh, I think Ik-jun
is leaving Thursday too.
He has that symposium, I think?
Hm.
By the way,
Jeong-won.
Yeah? What?
Nothing.
[chuckles]
[breathes deeply]
ELAPSED TIME
[machine beeping]
[Jae-hak] I've been pressing for an hour,
but he keeps on bleeding.
[exhales deeply]
[Jun-wan] Surgery won't cut it anymore.
We have no choice.
Pack it up with gauze and stop.
Gauze, please.
[machine beeping]
[door opens]
[Jun-wan] I removed the infected stent
and switched it with an artificial artery.
But the bleeding is too severe,
so we blocked it with gauze.
We tried our best to stop
the bleeding in the OR,
but the blood wouldn't coagulate,
so he lost a lot of blood.
We're inducing antihemorrhagic agents
in the ICU now,
but we might not stop all the bleeding.
In any case,
let's observe for the time being.
[whimpers]
Monitor him while giving him RBC and FFP
and call me right away
if he keeps bleeding.
Okay.
[snores]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Thank you.
Ms. Choi Ji-eun.
-Ms. Choi Ji-eun.
-Yes.
-The doctor will see you now.
-Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
I've been in line forever like this.
It's been more than an hour.
This is unbelievable!
I'm really sorry. There are a lot of
expecting mothers coming in today.
I have to wait this long
every time I come here.
[Seok-hyeong] I'll see you next week then.
Hi, good morning.
-So it's been a month, hasn't it?
-That's right. Good morning.
Listen, doctor, I have never seen a line
this long in my life.
I had to wait such a long time.
I always have to wait this long.
I'm really sorry.
I only see my outpatients
three days a week.
I took a look at the test you took
for gestational diabetes.
Excuse me. We have around
the same number of patients.
But compared to last week,
we have fewer outpatients today.
Uh, Dr. Chu.
Could you get me the ultrasound scan
that the patient
was able to do last week, please?
Uh, sure.
[Ik-jun] What is it? What happened?
We were preparing for a DDLT,
but the recipient arrested
during hepatectomy.
So surgeons put the patient on ECMO.
Professor Kwon said
the transplant is impossible
so now he's asked me to call the KONOS.
[Ik-jun] You better find
a recipient quickly.
And the organ, is it here in the hospital?
Yes.
Yes, this is the transplant coordinator
at Yulje Hospital.
The recipient had a heart attack
so the professor says
we can't push through with the transplant.
You have to find another recipient.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Call me as soon as you get one.
[sighs]
They're going to call the first patient
on the list and then get back to me.
[sighs deeply]
But I'm not sure if this will work.
We've lost enough time already.
How long has it been exactly
since you extracted it?
It's been over eight hours now.
[sighs]
[machine beeping]
Jae-hak, his parents are outside, right?
Yes.
I have to go talk to them.
[Jun-wan] We've been giving him
antihemorrhagic agents,
trying to get his blood to coagulate.
But after observing for five hours,
I'm sorry but the bleeding hasn't stopped.
[sighs]
Even if we get him back
in the operating room,
there's nothing we can do
except change the gauze that we put in.
I'm sorry, I don't see any other way.
I'm really sorry.
[machine beeping]
Doctor…
can I please see my son
before you do this?
I want to see him
one last time.
Please let me see him, one last time.
[sobs]
[Chi-hong] It's a 48-year-old
female patient with SAH.
She's in a coma, dilated pupils,
she can't breathe on her own,
and no motor function.
[machine beeping]
She's in a coma.
There's no point operating on her.
Induce dopamine if her BP goes down.
[Chi-hong] Okay.
[sighs]
Okay, understood.
The first patient on their list
is far away from Seoul,
so it's impossible
due to the time it will take.
And the doctor
of the next patient in line gave up.
The ischemia time was much too long.
It will take too long
to find another recipient.
So they want us to find a patient
in our hospital
who can receive it then call them back
Only then will they approve it.
Hello, this is the transplant coordinator
from Yulje Medical Center.
Is this Ms. Um Ji-seon?
YANG SEOK-HYEONG
Ms. Jang Seul-gi.
-Is Ms. Jang Seul-gi here?
-Yes. I'm right here.
You're next in line.
Please just wait in front of the office.
But why exactly is the last patient
taking so long?
-You've got a lot of people are waiting.
-[nurse] I'm really sorry.
Appointments may run longer than expected
if there's a lot to explain.
It'll just be a little longer.
Mm. Okay.
It's been hours since I took
my ultrasound. Why am I still waiting?
Ms. Han Seung-hui, is that right?
Well, um, there are five more patients
before you.
-Please just wait a little longer.
-How much longer do I have to wait?
What's the point
of making appointments then?
I'm really sorry.
But you see in our system
for every ten minutes,
two patients can be booked.
I'm sorry, that's the only way
we can accept appointments.
And as you know,
Dr. Yang has a lot of patients.
I really am sorry
for making you wait this long.
I really hope you understand.
Okay.
[Ik-jun] No fever, right?
Let me know once you get
the X-rays back, hm.
What's the blood type of the donor?
He's a type-A.
Kim Yeong-je, the second patient
on the list, is all the way in Geochang.
Even if we get ready
while he's on the way here,
the liver won't be viable.
What about Moon Jeong-hwa?
She said she'd wait a bit longer.
She said, she's been feeling well,
so she doesn't think she needs it now.
And Yoo Dong-jin doesn't have
the proper blood type for it.
Well…
Blood type A, right?
We have a type A patient here
in the hospital.
-Lee Chang-hak, right?
-That's right.
I'm pretty sure his blood type is A.
[dramatic music]
[machine beeping]
[sobbing]
Jung-min, my son.
Jung-min.
[Jung-min's father sobbing]
He used to be such a little boy.
When did you grow up so much, son?
Jung-min.
This here. This is yours.
You see your dad and I…
We love you more than anything
in the world,
so we kept this with us the whole time.
But now, I want you to have it.
My son.
I am not…
ready to let you go yet.
So I'm begging you…
please, don't leave us. Don't leave us.
[Jung-min's father] Jung-min, please.
[sobbing]
[Jung-min's mother] Jung-min.
Your father and I, we…
We love you so, so much, our dear son.
[machine beeping]
-[Jung-min's father sobbing]
-Please, don't leave us. Promise me.
So are you doing okay?
-It's been two weeks now.
-Yes, doctor.
How's the baby doing?
It's been about two days
since the baby's been quiet.
Perhaps I didn't feel any movements
because I was sleeping.
That's all normal, right?
I read online that that happens
in the last month of pregnancy.
How about we run a few tests?
[chuckles]
[ominous music]
[sighs]
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan sighs]
[Jae-hak] Excuse me, Professor Kim.
Why don't we try it again
but from the front?
[machine beeping]
The ascending and descending aorta.
We'll use an artificial artery
to bypass them and ligate the area.
By doing that, we can isolate it.
How's his vitals?
Stable BP with 0.05 of epidural
and 0.1 of norepinephrine.
[Jun-wan] And his urine?
[Jae-hak] He can urinate
with 5mg of Lasix.
Every hour, it goes over 100.
-Let's try it. Ask them to open the OR.
-Okay.
Well, you see…
I've gone over it multiple times,
but I'm not detecting any heart activity
in the baby.
Are you telling me…
that my baby is dead, doctor?
Yes.
It looks like the heart stopped beating
in the womb.
I can't really tell
what caused it for now.
I'll be able to find out
once we take the baby out.
[sobbing]
No… no.
[crying]
No, no, no.
No, doctor, no.
[sobbing]
My baby.
No, this can't be, doctor.
My baby… No.
[crying]
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora playing]
[anesthetist] We're now administering
the anesthesia.
Just relax and breathe normally.
Don't be nervous. It's all right.
Yes, just like that.
[thuds]
[Ik-jun] As for the ischemia time,
where are we at?
[doctor] About ten hours.
The biopsy results look good.
The liver is fine.
Let's do this quickly. Scalpel, please.
[patient sobbing in distance]
WE ARE SORRY FOR THE DELAY
Gosh, I'm sorry, doctor.
Here.
It's all right.
You don't need to worry about us.
Just take your time to calm down.
You can stay here as long as you need to.
Everything is going to be all right.
I'm so sorry, doctor.
[sobbing]
Should I go outside and tell the patients
that are waiting…
Uh, that our system is down or something?
There's no need. It's all right.
[patient crying]
She's taking forever.
Excuse me.
Don't say anything.
NAME: BAEK SEON-JEONG
AGE: 48
[Song-hwa] Unfortunately,
the situation is pretty bad.
She has a brain hemorrhage
accompanied by severe swelling.
I'm afraid it's gotten to the point
that the contrast agent doesn't work.
[sobbing]
At the moment, she's unconscious
and she's unable to breathe on her own.
So we believe
that her brain functions are lost.
It's likely that she's going to pass away
within a week or two.
[Seon-jeong's daughter sobbing]
This can't be happening.
-Mom…
-Honey!
Honey!
-Mom!
-[both sobbing]
[Seon-jeong's daughter] Mom!
Mom!
Chi-hong.
I was really surprised
when I read that woman's name.
Why is that?
She has the exact same name
as the patient who passed away
when I was a fourth-year resident.
You really remember
all the names of patients?
Well…
From the day she was brought into the ER
to the moment she passed away
in the ICU after surgery,
I stayed by her side.
I really thought she was going to make it.
That's why I did nothing else
but stay by her side for a week
while getting scolded by my professor…
but she still passed away.
She also had SAH.
I beat myself up over it for months.
Thinking it was my fault
that she had passed away.
"If only had been smarter…
maybe she could've lived."
She was such a beautiful woman.
I still remember what she looked like
and her name.
I remember it all.
Her name was just like hers.
It was Baek Seon-jeong.
[wheezes]
It was you this whole time.
I had no idea that it was you.
Professor Chae…
[sobbing]
Hey, Yun-bok.
What's the matter, huh?
-[sobbing]
-What's wrong?
What is it?
I miss my mom so, so much.
["With My Tears" by Wheen In playing]
Professor Chae.
I miss my mom
more than anything in the world.
[sobbing]
You've grown into a beautiful young lady.
I'm sure, your mom…
must be so proud of you,
watching from heaven.
[crying]
Don't cry. That would break her heart.
-Are you okay?
-[sniffles]
Yes.
Oh, gosh.
[crying]
[Song-hwa] It's okay.
Oh, Mr. Kim Hyeon-su?
-Oh, doctor!
-[chuckles]
I've been waiting here for you.
-Oh, for me?
-Yeah.
I asked the front desk for your number,
but they said they can't give it out.
So I thought I should just wait here
until you showed up.
So I guess this is my lucky year.
[both laugh]
Well, it certainly seems so.
By the way,
you're looking really healthy now.
You don't look like someone
who had brain surgery
-done three months ago.
-[chuckles]
Thanks a lot.
Well, Doctor Ahn.
This is for you.
I know that doctors
aren't allowed to take gifts, but still…
Please. I'd like you to have it.
My, my gosh…
Well, this is…
[snickers]
It's nothing special.
It didn't cost me too much money.
[chuckles]
Oh, wow.
You see, next week…
I'm getting back on the force.
Really? Wow, congratulations!
It's just a desk job, and I'll be working
short shifts for the time being.
But still…
I never thought
I'd get to go back to work.
But thanks to you, doctor,
I'm back on the force.
Doctor, all I'm hoping for is,
for this pen to be…
one of the many you keep in your pocket.
And I hope that it cheers you up too.
You know, when things get stressful.
There are people that have
their lives back, thanks to you.
So never be discouraged
and keep your chin up.
Hm.
[sniffs]
Ah.
You're probably really busy.
I'll get going, then.
But I'll see you at my next appointment.
[chuckles]
Yeah. I'll see you at the next one.
[both laugh]
[dramatic music]
Doctor, how did the surgery go?
Did everything go well?
Yes, the surgery went extremely well.
He didn't even bleed much during surgery.
We're going to do a blood test
when he wakes up just to be sure,
but the surgery itself
went about as well as it could,
so I don't think you should
have to worry anymore.
[exhales]
We just overcame a huge hurdle here.
Thank you for all your help, doctor.
It really feels like this is a miracle.
I'll be grateful to the donor.
I'll be grateful for the rest of my life.
Thank you very much.
[in sign language]
Your dad's surgery went very well.
So my dad isn't ill anymore?
He still is. Just a little bit though.
But he'll recover soon.
Don't worry.
Thank you. I'm grateful.
-I am a lot more…
-[laughs]
…grateful.
Doctor, I…
I'm going to take the test.
And when you,
when you get the test result…
[sniffs]
would you please tell them
that I wasn't a match?
I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry, doctor.
[sobbing]
Dong-ju.
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora playing]
[pen rasping]
GIVE YOUR MOM A BIG HUG!
I'll hold that.
Give your mom a big hug, okay?
[crying]
I'm okay.
[in sign language]
Don't cry.
[Chang-hak's wife sniffles]
What?
You have something to tell me, don't you?
Is something bothering you?
Not really.
[sighs]
I agree with you.
That thing you're thinking of,
I agree with that.
[scoffs]
You can read minds, can't you?
[laughs]
People call me psychic, you know.
[Jeong-won sighs]
I really think there are
three kinds of people in the world.
First, there are those who are happiest
eating something good.
Ik-jun and Jun-wan
are the perfect examples of that.
[quirky music]
[slurping]
[sniffs]
-Hey, that's mine. That's my ramyeon.
-Ah…
Come on, I haven't eaten.
Get you own ramyeon.
-Jeez!
-You go get a new one. I'm exhausted.
I am too! Do I look like
I could run a marathon?
Oh, come on, man.
-Just let me have this one.
-No way.
-I'm hungry too, come on.
-I'm not doing that.
-No way. I want to eat this, okay?
-Go get your own.
-Oh, stop it.
-No!
Next, there are those
who enjoy eating most when they're alone.
[both chuckle]
Right now, I bet Seok-hyeong
is eating ramyeon by himself,
and watching New Journey to the West.
[laughs]
[knocking on door]
Who is it?
Professor Yang, even this resident
working the night shift
at the medical office
heard you were eating ramyeon alone,
so I came to eat some with you.
I can join you, right?
Uh… sure.
Great. Ooh, the door.
Okay, let's set this down.
Hold on, be careful, careful.
Nice. Perfect.
[clears throat]
There.
Ah, fish cake bars.
Perfect. Everything is here.
-Can I start eating?
-Oh, sure. Yes, of course. Enjoy.
Lastly, there's you.
Seeing other people enjoying food
makes you happier
than when you are eating it yourself.
I'm not like that.
You really are.
[chuckles]
DECEMBER 3, 2019
10:22 P.M.
It's past ten o'clock, already.
Ik-sun must be on the plane by now.
I didn't get a chance to call her.
[yelling]
Jesus! What?
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-What was that about?
[operator] The number you have
dialed is unavailable.
[breathes deeply]
[dramatic music]
[Ik-sun] Really, I'm okay,
so don't worry about it if you're busy.
I just left the house. I'll let you know
when I get to the airport.
I'm at the airport. It's pretty empty,
so I should get checked in pretty quickly.
Mom and dad are crying
and I'm crying too. This is so sad.
I'm all done with check-in,
I'm heading to the gate.
I really want to hear your voice.
I guess you have emergency surgery.
I have so much time until I have to board.
Take a breather after the surgery
and call me, okay?
Boarding is closing in five minutes.
I wanted to hear your voice and I'm sad.
I'm on the plane now.
I got to turn my phone off.
I hope everything is all right with you.
It's okay if you're in surgery,
but I'm worried you can't check your phone
because something happened to you.
Bye for real.
I'll call you when I get there, okay?
Jun-wan, I love you.
[exhales deeply]
[knocking on door]
No one's in here.
Please, just leave me alone.
Uh, Professor Kim.
The patient's tube drainage
has been under 100,
and it looks like the bleeding
stopped as well.
His vitals are stable too.
Ah…
I… I thought I would tell you
the good news in person.
-I'll be going then
-[Jun-wan] Jae-hak, wait.
Get some fresh air with me.
I have such a bad headache.
[Jae-hak] You know, I took the CSAT
four times and I took the board six.
I know for a fact
that I can study really hard.
I'm kind of a wimp, so I'm not confident
when it comes to exams and work.
But I was always good at studying
and memorizing things all day long.
That's why I thought
I'd have a good career as a doctor
because I know you need to study a lot.
Yeah, I thought I could live a decent life
once I became a doctor,
so I studied as hard as I could
and got my license.
But then, oh, my goodness.
Having good judgment is way more important
than memorizing everything.
Every single day, you have to make
the best choices.
I mean, that's what surgery is all about.
If a patient gets worse,
should I hook them up to the ECMO
or get them transferred to the OR?
Every single time, I'm struggling
to make the right decision.
Professor, the thing with me is…
My biggest weakness is I'm indecisiveness.
I have all this knowledge in my head,
but I never know how to use it
to make the best choice.
What should I do about that?
Patients live or die
because of the choices I make.
What do I do if I get it wrong?
There are going to be hundreds,
maybe thousands of moments
where my decision is crucial.
I don't know if I can take the pressure.
What should I do…
when that happens?
You ask me.
When you're overwhelmed by all
the decisions that need to be made…
you can ask me what to do
and I will help you.
But if I'm busy too,
I know you can figure it out.
Now, listen, Jae-hak…
I've been wanting to give this
to my girlfriend,
but she doesn't really
like things like this.
Christmas is right around the corner,
so I was thinking of sending it to her
as a Christmas gift.
What do you think I should do?
Is that too much pressure?
You should ask her.
All you have to do is ask her.
You two love each other, don't you?
It's not one-sided?
Then just talk to her.
I know that she'll give you
the right answer.
And I gotta say,
you're pretty clueless with love.
Ugh. Ugh. You're annoying.
[breathes deeply]
[Ik-jun] There.
Arm.
Good. And the other one.
Now, look at me.
Huh. Okay.
You be a good boy now
and be nice to Auntie.
It'll be just ten days
so you won't miss me too much, right?
Ten days? How long is ten days?
Ten days is, uh, longer than nine days
but is less than eleven days.
U-ju, Daddy will be back
once you finish counting
will all your fingers.
Wow, you are really good at this.
Doctor Lee, I hope you won't be working
the whole time you are there.
You should take it easy,
and you must also do
some shopping to relax.
Of course, I will. I should be able
to take a few days off.
Okay.
[grunting]
Hey, U-ju.
Tell daddy that poem that you learned
at the daycare yesterday. Okay? Go.
Daddy.
-Next?
-Bye-bye.
Oh, my gosh.
[groans]
Auntie, do you think U-ju
should join Mensa?
This kid could be the next Shakespeare.
I was thinking that too, just yesterday.
Hey, U-ju, you think
you could make one for auntie too?
-Yes?
-Go!
-Auntie.
-Next!
Bye-bye.
I think the bus should be here soon.
Say bye to daddy.
Daddy, I hope you have a good trip.
Thank you, sir.
Hm?
Daddy, can you bring me a lot
of cookies and chocolates
-when you get back.
-[chuckles]
[grunts, laughs]
Yes, sir. I will.
I'll bring you a lot of chocolates.
Oh, that could have killed me.
All right, then.
-Bye, Daddy! I love you!
-Gosh. It still tickles.
You have to wear it, understand?
[Ik-sun] You wear it too.
You double-checked the address, right?
What if I don't get it?
The address is pretty complicated,
so the mailmen get it wrong sometimes.
I triple-checked it, so I'm sure
they won't get the address wrong.
Now go to bed.
It must be after midnight there.
[Ik-sun] Okay, good night.
Bye, Jun-wan. I love you.
You too.
[door opens]
-Oh, hi. Good morning.
-[door closes]
Hi there, Yun-bok.
What brings you here?
Oh, there's something I forgot to show
Dr. Ahn during the handover.
Chi-hong should be moving today.
Oh, that's right.
I bought him a gift and forgot about it.
So, what are you doing tonight?
-Who? Me?
-Hm. I know you're not on call.
-I don't really have any plans tonight.
-How about we have dinner together?
Oh, yeah. Hi.
Hey, Hong-do.
Huh? You're feeling sick today?
You're going to die?
Yeah, yeah, okay.
[cell phone ringing]
[door closes]
Let me know when you get off.
I'll meet you in the lobby.
Yeah, sure.
[exhales deeply]
[exhales sharply]
[waves crashing]
Hey.
Seriously, what are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be going?
[Ik-jun] Gosh, it's so nice here.
I came because I wanted
to ask you something.
I still have around five hours.
Listen, okay?
I have a friend…
that I've known for a long time.
Then I fell for her.
[sighs deeply]
If I tell her how I feel,
it might ruin our friendship.
But if I don't tell her…
because I'm afraid to…
I just know I'm going to regret it.
["I Knew I Love" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
What should I do?
It can wait until I get back.
Just take your time. Bye then.
[sighs]
CHIEF
[Song-hwa] Congratulations
on the new place
and for becoming chief resident.
Dr. Ahn Chi-hong,
you're already doing a great job.
I'll always be rooting for you.
First, try not to get too nervous
during surgery.
What you need is a heart made of steel.
Second, focus on bleeding control
when operating on brain tumors.
That's going to decide
if the surgery will be a success.
Third, make use
of impactful diagrams and videos
when preparing for your presentation.
And practice is a must.
From Song-hwa.
[Song-hwa] Tell me…
do you like me?
[Chi-hong] I do like you. Yeah.
I was going to tell you,
but I couldn't find the right time.
-I'm so sorry.
-Hey.
Don't do this.
Hey. Stop talking. What's wrong with you?
Well, it's… It's not something
I have control over.
I can't just stop having these feelings
just because you asked me to.
I guess I'll get going then.
Good night, professor.
PROFESSOR CHAE SONG-HWA
They are really cute.
I used to be young like them.
Sorry.
[Jeon] Anyway, we have our list
of medical students.
Let's listen to why
they applied to med school.
[Song-hwa] What's wrong with him?
Just let them go.
Right? You don't like them either.
-Huh?
-Oh, sorry.
I won't bother you.
[snickers]
Well, both my parents are doctors,
so I didn't have much of a choice.
[Min-sik] Hey, Seon-bin.
We don't need your life story.
[laughs]
[slurping]
You really have to go to work? Hm.
I feel bad for you.
When did we ever get Christmas day off?
Hey, since tomorrow is Christmas,
aren't you spending time
with your girlfriend?
She's not in town at the moment.
And I have to go to work soon.
-Hey, did you get me anything?
-I didn't.
-Seok-hyeong, what did you decide to do?
-[Song-hwa] Have you decided yet?
Well?
To… Decided about what?
You're next. We'll get to you in a bit.
Hey, Seok-hyeong, tell us already.
What? Is it something with his family?
His dad wrote in his will
that he wants him to inherit
and run the company he built.
-What?
Then are you going to quit being a doctor?
Come on, just tell us, man.
Tell us already,
you big stupid teddy bear!
Let go of me and I'll tell you.
[coughs]
Why would I want to run a company?
[all sigh]
I already told everyone
I'm not interested.
We'll find a management specialist
to run the company instead.
You did the right thing.
-Of course you did.
-Why would you run it?
Hm, I think it'd be nice to have
the opportunity
-to run a company before you get too old.
-I think it's a bad idea.
What's so bad about it?
When is anyone going to call him
"Mr. Chairman"? Do it.
Just come back if it doesn't work out.
I don't want to waste time.
I value my time too much for it.
I want to do the things I like…
and I want to do things
I actually want to do.
That's why I wanted to start the band.
So I…
I kinda just used you guys.
Whatever, man.
[indistinct chatter]
What is wrong with this guy?
-Right, what a load of crap.
-[Ik-jun] What is with him today?
-What are you talking about?
-[all laugh]
-Ridiculous.
-[Jun-wan] Yeah.
I know, right.
[Ik-jun] You kind of look like
a Roman Emperor
-instead of a teddy bear, actually.
-[all laugh]
Doesn't he? I mean,
look at those eyebrows.
-I have no idea.
-What is under those eyes?
-Come on, let's just see.
-Let me see.
-[Jeong-won] What is that?
-[Ik-jun] Come on. Let's see!
Hey, why are you drinking that?
Ah…
Because I have a line to sing today.
[vocalizing]
[all vocalizing]
[exhales]
["Me To You, You To Me" playing]
♪ Like a sunset ♪
♪ I want to be a beautiful memory to you ♪
♪ I hope you can always remember
Our radiant days ♪
♪ Like a beautiful painting
Without any regrets ♪
♪ To me, you were the sunlight ♪
♪ That warmed my lonely heart ♪
♪ Like the dazzling jewel
On your small, fair hand ♪
♪ Our promise will be eternal ♪
-♪ Like a sunset ♪
-♪ I wanna be a beautiful memory to you ♪
-♪ I hope you can always remember ♪
-♪ Our radiant days ♪
-♪ Like a beautiful painting ♪
-♪ Without any regrets ♪
DECEMBER 24, 2019
11:20 A.M.
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
Oh, hi guys, how are you?
Ji-hyeon, say hello.
Say, "Hi, doctor.
Thanks for saving my life."
Thank you, doctor.
Thank you so much.
Oh, my gosh.
[laughs]
Ji-hyeon, does your stomach still hurt?
It is better?
Yeah, it doesn't hurt at all anymore.
Oh, gosh, you're so cute.
So, what brings you here?
I don't think you have
an appointment today.
It's Christmas Eve today.
The person we wanted to see
the most on Christmas Eve is you, doctor.
Oh, wow.
Ji-hyeon, Merry Christmas to you.
It's healing nicely.
If you ever have a fever
or experience any discomfort,
come to the ER anytime.
In any case, we'll be seeing you
in two weeks for another check-up.
We'll remove the stitches.
-Oh, goodness, thank you.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
So, son…
What's the first thing you want to do
the minute we get out of here?
I'll do anything you ask me to.
I mean, we almost lost you there.
Whatever you want just name it, hm?
[laughs]
Kimchi stew.
I want a bowl of your kimchi stew, Mom.
Oh, that's it?
Uh-huh, I just want to go home
and have some dinner.
I really just want a home-cooked meal.
That's all I want too.
[laughs]
You can be discharged tomorrow.
Really?
Dong-ju.
Good morning, doctor.
Well, there's really nothing more…
Well, nothing more we can do for you.
So it's time to go.
Thank you.
I owe it all to you, doctor.
It's nothing. Don't mention it.
-Dong-ju.
-[Chang-hak's wife] Dong-ju.
Merry Christmas.
Oh, one more thing I forget to mention.
-Um… Merry Christmas to you, guys.
-[all chuckle]
-Thank you so much.
-No problem.
Pop quiz.
Common indicators for a liver transplant?
Well, there's chronic liver failure,
there's acute liver failure,
and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Oh, bravo! Have you been studying?
Yeah. I had a feeling
you would test me today.
Well done. Doctors have to study a lot.
You can't save patients
just by being friendly.
Right.
I'm going to quiz you
every time I see you.
Two questions if you get it wrong.
[sobbing]
It's really good news.
Why are you crying?
I just feel bad for my wife.
She's just been so stressed out
by all of this,
but there was just nothing
I could do for her.
I'm sorry, doctor.
Would you mind saying that
just one more time for us, please?
You, uh, no longer need to keep
worrying about the baby being premature.
The baby now weighs over 1.5 kilograms,
which means it's growing well.
Everything seems stable so far,
so it's look to me that you will be
pretty fine until you're due for labor.
You don't need
to be lying down all the time.
Like everyone else, you can go back
to non-strenuous daily activities.
Thank you so much.
You guys did great.
You have so much strength.
[sobbing]
[laughs]
["Me To You, You To Me"
by Mido and Falasol playing]
♪ To me, you will always be remembered ♪
♪ As a lush yet sad song
In my little heart ♪
♪ I want to be the countless stars ♪
♪ In your beautiful, sparkling eyes
And shine forever ♪
-♪ Like a sunset ♪
-♪ I wanna be a beautiful memory to you ♪
-♪ I hope you can always remember ♪
-♪ Our radiant days ♪
-♪ Like a beautiful painting ♪
-♪ Without any regrets ♪
-♪ Like a sunset ♪
-♪ I wanna be a beautiful memory to you ♪
-♪ I hope you can always remember ♪
-♪ Our radiant days ♪
-♪ Like a beautiful painting ♪
-♪ Without any regrets ♪
[all laugh]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
DECEMBER 25, 2019
06:30 P.M.
Where's that nail cutter?
[cell phone ringing]
What's up?
[Jae-hak] Hi, professor.
A package arrived for you.
-A package? I didn't order anything.
-Well…
It's marked "return to sender."
[dramatic music]
RETURN
UNKNOWN RECIPIENT
[knocking]
Who is it?
It's me, Gyeo-ul.
Yeah. Come on in.
[sighs]
[inhales]
Is there something you wanted to say?
Professor Ahn.
I, uh…
[breathes shivery]
[sighs deeply]
Professor, I'm here because…
I like you.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, why am I crying now?
I'm really sorry.
[breathes deeply]
I know it's not my place to say this,
but could you please stay here
at the hospital
instead of studying to become a priest?
Please stay here with me.
God can wait, so please stay with me.
I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry, Professor Ahn.
[breathes deeply]
[soft music]
[Ik-jun] Gyeo-ul.
How long…
have you had these feelings for Jeong-won?
Wasn't it always obvious?
Was it…
Like love at first sight?
The moment I first saw him…
I fell for Dr. Ahn…
from the moment I saw him.
Some bread and milk.
Thanks for the food.
So, Dr. Jang…
Did you hear about the new professor
starting out today?
Yeah, I heard he was a professor
of Pediatric Surgery at Kangwoon.
That's right. Pediatric surgeons
are a rare bunch.
I heard he can perform operations
all by himself
-along with handling appointments.
-Mm-hm.
So I guess don't go
looking around Pediatrics
-and why don't you just--
-Everyone, say hello.
Today is his first day.
Introducing Professor Ahn Jeong-won.
Nice to meet you.
This here is the only resident in GS.
Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul.
Ah.
It's really nice to meet you.
I'm Ahn Jeong-won.
Nice to meet you. I'm Jang Gyeo-ul.
Nice to meet you, I'm Ahn Jeong-won.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Hwang Bae-jin.
-[chuckles]
-Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you. I'm Ahn Jeong-won.
-I'm Lee Ji-hun. Welcome to the team.
[Sun-jeong] You know,
you're really handsome.
[Jeong-won] Thanks, I'm really flattered.
[Ik-jun] Right. Gyeo-ul is in the ER now.
Oh, gosh, why?
It's gotten better after she got the shot.
I think she had anaphylaxis from NSAIDs.
SUDDEN REACTION TO THE BODY
Her face swelled 30 minutes
after taking the pill for cramps.
Then, she couldn't breathe.
Then she passed out
just like in the movies.
Oh, no. I should go check on her.
Don't worry, she's doing much better now.
She's probably asleep.
So, tomorrow, what are we practicing?
What songs?
Hm, I wanted to do some songs by Zoo.
I should start practicing them tonight.
Could you guys clean this up for me?
I have to go.
Oh, hi, Professor Ahn.
You must be here for Jang Gyeo-ul.
She's doing much better now. We can go in.
Oh, no, that's all right.
I got a call, so I should go.
Ah.
Wait.
Take good care of her.
Make sure she gets better.
Oh, of course.
[Song-hwa] Seeing other people
enjoying food makes you happier
than when you eat it yourself.
I'm not like that.
You really are.
[scoff]
I think you made the right decision.
You should stay here.
You could save more lives that way.
Don't tell the other guys
for the time being.
There's someone I want to be
the first to know about.
[sighs]
Wow.
It's finally snowing outside.
The winter we've been waiting
for all year.
[chuckles]
["Confession Is Not Flashy"
by Kyuhyun playing]
[Min-ha] Professor Yang, it's me, Min-ha.
Do you have any plans for this evening?
If you don't have any, let's have dinner
at the steakhouse
across the street at 7:30.
[cell phone beeps]
No pressure though.
You don't have to come.
My friend lives in the area,
so I can eat with her
if you can't make it.
But I really… I really hope
you can make it, Professor Yang.
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
SORRY, JUST HAVE DINNER
WITH YOUR FRIENDS, MERRY CHRISTMAS
WITH YOUR FRIENDS
[cell phone ringing]
YOON SIN-HYE
[sighs]
Yes, hello?
[bright music]
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING
HOSPITAL PLAYLIST
["Me To You, You To Me"
by Mido and Falasol playing]
HOSPITAL PLAYLIST WILL BE BACK
IN A NEW SEASON IN THE YEAR 2021